Histogram 2D (#3883)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/dataanalysis/reduced_diags.rst

    bin_value[i]
    # 2-D array of the jth bin data at the ith time
    bin_data[i][j]

> Another reduced diagnostic is available : ``ParticleHistogram2D``. It allows the user to compute a 2D histogram. However, the output are openPMD files gathered in a ``hist2D`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another available reduced diagnostic is ``ParticleHistogram2D``.
It computes a 2D histogram of particle data with user-specified axes and value functions.
The output data is stored in openPMD files gathered in a ``hist2D/`` folder.
```
